repro cmdref updates (#1861)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/repro.md

                 [targets [targets ...]]

positional arguments:

>   targets        Stage, path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce

Reviewer: Why comma? Just need to copy/paste the text from https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1861

Reviewer: Or use commas consistently (one is missing after "dvc.yaml" above).

                 [targets [targets ...]]

positional arguments:
  targets        Stage or path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce. Using -R,

>                  directories to search for stages can also be given.

Reviewer: Perfect. We will need to submit a matching change in the core `dvc` repo. Are you able to try that too @imhardikj ? Thanks

Author: I checked `-p`, it doesn't work with directories. So the current is correct I think.
> submit a matching change in the core dvc repo

Sure I'll do this. Currently this is displayed for `targets`: `Stages to reproduce. 'dvc.yaml' by default.`
This should be updated to exact same text as above right: `Stage or path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce. Using -R, directories to search for stages can also be given.`
Also this (https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/master/dvc/command/repro.py) is the file that needs to updated?

Reviewer: Yes, https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/master/dvc/command/repro.py#L70-L73

  for example with subdirectories containing a separate pipeline that can be
  reproduced independently.

- `-R`, `--recursive` - expands arguments that `targets` accepts to determine
  the stages to be reproduced, by searching each target directory and its
  subdirectories. This option only has an effect if directory paths are given as

>   `targets`.

Reviewer: First, this is a confusing text. It should be explained in simpler terms, shorter sentences, etc. Also, it has grammar errors.

Reviewer: Secondly we're missing the whole point of #1632... Maybe you're confused by the term "expands". One thing is to expand a path (explore recursively) — that's not what the issue is about at all. Just forget about that term...

This is about the targets argument of dvc repro (and how -RP affect it). Again (from https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1861#discussion_r511520908), "i.e. usually targets only accept "Stage or path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce", right? It does not say that paths to directories are accepted. But these options (-RP) only work for directories, so what's going on?"

If you can answer that question, you'll be closer to understanding what's needed here.

  reproduced independently.

- `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the stages to reproduce by searching each
  directory and their subdirectories. These directories can be given as

>   `targets`.

Author: @jorgeorpinel does the option description need to explicitly convey that -R will work when at least one of the target is directory.

Reviewer: > searching each directory and their subdirectories

This is not clear. What directory? "target directory" was better, (even if the next sentence explains it — it should be clear first that -R expands what `targets` accepts).
Also "directory and their" mixes singular and plural (incorrect grammar).

> need to explicitly convey that -R will work when at least one of the target is directory

Yes, good idea. Let's be explicit about that. Use the phrase "only has an effect if" please.

Reviewer: Also, you may have missed

> Make sure options -c and -P are also clear and complete, as they also allow to target directories in different ways.

From #1861

Author: `-c` and `-P` option are complete I think.
Like `-P` doesn't require `target` (It is working without them).
-c` option's description also looks completes.

Reviewer: Looks like -c is OK but -P is not complete. I'll reopen this review... Resolving here.

>   directory is given as one of the `targets`.

Reviewer: This change doesn't clarify that this option "expands what the targets argument accepts (directory paths)." If you're unsure what the issue requirements mean please ping me @imhardikj, thanks.

Reviewer: The same applies for -P, it should clarify the same idea.

Reviewer: > expands what the targets argument accepts (directory paths)

This refers to the top description of `targets`: "Stage or path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce" <-- notice it doesn't include directories, nor are dirs mentioned as targets anywhere in the desc. That's why clarification is needed.

Author: Yeah I realize my mistake. `-R` option will expand paths if they are given as targets. Then it will be search for `dvc.yaml` or `.dvc` in that path (and folders inside it), and then reproduce them.
In case of `-P`, I checked that it works without any targets given. So basically it expands the path of the DVC project and find all targets to reproduce from it.

Reviewer: No, you're not getting me yet. Maybe I'm not being clear? I wasn't talking about "expanding paths". Once more, these options "expand what the `targets` argument accepts" i.e. usually targets only accept "Stage or path to dvc.yaml or .dvc file to reproduce", right? It doesn't say that paths to directories are accepted. With these options, paths to directories are also accepted.

Like I mentioned, please ping me if you're not 99% sure you're understanding me. Please go over this again and lmk when to review. Thanks

Reviewer: > It turns out that with these options, paths to directories are also accepted even if it's not stated in the Synopsis/usage.

So another possible solution is to change the usage text to include "directories" but then we have to clarify somewhere that dirs are only used by the command if -PR are used) so I'm not sure which way is better/ easier to explain. Let's stick to the current approach unless you have a strong opinion.

Reviewer: Continued in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1861#pullrequestreview-517073211. Resolving here

  reproduced independently.

- `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the stages to reproduce by searching each

>   target directory and its subdirectories. It has no effect if there are no
>   directories among the `targets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target directory and its subdirectories for stages (in `dvc.yaml`) to inspect.
  If there are no directories among the targets, this option is ignored.
```

>   target directory and its subdirectories. If there are no directories among the
>   `targets`, this option is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target directory and its subdirectories. It has no effect if there are no
  directories among the `targets`.
```

  to. Use `dvc dag <target>` to show the parent pipeline of a target.

- `-P`, `--all-pipelines` - reproduce all pipelines for all `dvc.yaml` files

>   present in the <abbr>DVC project</abbr>.

Reviewer: Why this change? Completely unrelated to the PR. Also, we don't use `<abbr>` in Options (it's too much to have tooltips here).
```suggestion
  present in the DVC project.
```

Author: Done. 
> we don't use <abbr> in Options

I forgot this. Thanks.

information: updated dependency/output file hash values, and a new result,
respectively.

## Example: Downstream from a target stage

> This example continues the previous one.

> The `--downstream` option when used with a stage `target` allows us to only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--downstream` option, when used with a `target` stage, allows us to only
```

information: updated dependency/output file hash values, and a new result,
respectively.

## Example: Specific stage

> This example continues the previous one.

We can use `dvc repro` to reproduce a pipeline partially till a specific stage.

> Let's add this line to `text.txt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add a line to `text.txt` , for example:
```

```
...
4321
```

> Now, specify the `count` stage as a `target` with `dvc repro`. This results in

Reviewer: Let's use filter here, otherwise this is not really a partial reproduction as the whole pipeline will be reproduced. Also because it's the same as the next example, basically.

Reviewer: Or introduce an intermediate step if you are trying to show that using a target can also reproduce the previous stages, so that the next example is not so repetitive (in it's effects).

Reviewer: Actually it would be ideal to have that intermediate step so it can be used with --downstream in the next example, to show the contrast between this example (target the middle stage which runs the previous ones) vs downstream (BTW also targets a stage, but the behavior is different because of the --downstream option).

Reviewer: BUT we shuold probably extract that part to a separate issue to keep this PR simple.

Reviewer: > downstream (BTW also targets a stage

This makes me think that another solution is to combine the 2 examples by basically just clarifying in the old one that a stage name target is being used (combined with --downstream). For example the title could be **Example: Downstream from a target stage**.

Reviewer: WDYT?

Author: Combining them both is better I think. As both example requires a stage as target. This doesn't require much changes in current example. Maybe we can add a note(or separate paragraph) that says without `--downstream` pipeline would be reproduces until the target and not further.

Reviewer: OK. Ideally examples should focus on a single thing but I guess in this case we can try the approach.

the execution of `count`, and all the preceding stages in the pipeline (only
`filter` in this example):

```dvc
$ dvc repro count
Running stage 'filter' with command:
      cat text.txt | egrep '[0-9]+' > numbers.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'

Running stage 'count' with command:
	    python process.py numbers.txt > count.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

## Example: Downstream

> > This example continues the previous one.

Reviewer: This is no longer exactly true atm.

information: updated dependency/output file hash values, and a new result,
respectively.

## Example: Specific stage

> This example continues the previous one.

> We can use `dvc repro` to reproduce a pipeline partially till a specific stage.

Reviewer: "till" is too informal

> Let's add this line to `text.txt` (the input of our first stage, created in the
> previous example):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add this line to `text.txt`:
```
Removing some redundant info ^

```

Now, using the `--downstream` option with `dvc repro` results in the execution

> of only the `target` stage `count`, and following ones (none in this case):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of only the target (`count`) and following stages (none in this case):
```
